README.md, before:

<div align="right">
  <b>English</b> | <a href="./README_zh.md">简体中文</a>
</div>

<div align="center">

# Foxel

**A highly extensible private cloud storage solution for individuals and teams, featuring AI-powered semantic search.**

![Python Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3.13+-blue.svg)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-19.0-blue.svg)
![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-green.svg)
![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/DrizzleTime/foxel?style=social)

---
  <blockquote>
    <em><strong>The ocean of data is boundless, let the eye of insight guide the voyage, yet its intricate connections lie deep, not fully discernible from the surface.</strong></em>
  </blockquote>
</div>

## 👀 Online Demo

> [https://demo.foxel.cc](https://demo.foxel.cc)
>
> Account/Password: `admin` / `admin`

## ✨ Core Features

- **Unified File Management**: Centralize management of files distributed across different storage backends.
- **Pluggable Storage Backends**: Utilizes an extensible adapter pattern to easily integrate various storage types.
- **Semantic Search**: Supports natural language search for content within unstructured data like images and documents.
- **Built-in File Preview**: Preview images, videos, PDFs, Office documents, text, and code files directly without downloading.
- **Permissions and Sharing**: Supports public or private sharing links for easy file distribution.
- **Task Processing Center**: Supports asynchronous task processing, such as file indexing and data backups, without impacting the main application.

## 🚀 Quick Start

Using Docker Compose is the most recommended way to start Foxel.

1. **Create Data Directories**:
Create a `data` folder for persistent data:

```bash
mkdir -p data/db
mkdir -p data/mount
chmod 777 data/db data/mount
```

2. **Download Docker Compose File**:

  ```bash
  curl -L -O https://github.com/DrizzleTime/Foxel/raw/main/compose.yaml
  ```

  After downloading, it is **strongly recommended** to modify the environment variables in the `compose.yaml` file to ensure security:

- Modify `SECRET_KEY` and `TEMP_LINK_SECRET_KEY`: Replace the default keys with randomly generated strong keys.

3. **Start the Services**:

  ```bash
  docker-compose up -d
  ```

4. **Access the Application**:

  Once the services are running, open the page in your browser.

  > On the first launch, please follow the setup guide to initialize the administrator account.

## 🤝 How to Contribute

We welcome contributions from the community! Whether it's submitting bugs, suggesting new features, or contributing code directly.

Before you start, please read our [`CONTRIBUTING.md`](CONTRIBUTING.md) file, which will guide you on how to set up your development environment and the submission process.

## 🌐 Community

Join our community on [Telegram](https://t.me/+thDsBfyqJxZkNTU1) to discuss with developers and other users!

You can also join our WeChat group for more real-time communication and support. Please scan the QR code below to join:

<img src="https://foxel.cc/image/wechat.png" alt="WeChat Group QR Code" width="180">

> If the QR code is invalid, please add WeChat ID **drizzle2001**, and we will invite you to the group.

Commit message:

feat: update contributing guidelines and add Chinese translation

README.md, after:

<div align="right">
  <b>English</b> | <a href="./README_zh.md">简体中文</a>
</div>

<div align="center">

# Foxel

**A highly extensible private cloud storage solution for individuals and teams, featuring AI-powered semantic search.**

![Python Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3.13+-blue.svg)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-19.0-blue.svg)
![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-green.svg)
![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/DrizzleTime/foxel?style=social)

---
  <blockquote>
    <em><strong>The ocean of data is boundless, let the eye of insight guide the voyage, yet its intricate connections lie deep, not fully discernible from the surface.</strong></em>
  </blockquote>
</div>

## 👀 Online Demo

> [https://demo.foxel.cc](https://demo.foxel.cc)
>
> Account/Password: `admin` / `admin`

## ✨ Core Features

- **Unified File Management**: Centralize management of files distributed across different storage backends.
- **Pluggable Storage Backends**: Utilizes an extensible adapter pattern to easily integrate various storage types.
- **Semantic Search**: Supports natural language search for content within unstructured data like images and documents.
- **Built-in File Preview**: Preview images, videos, PDFs, Office documents, text, and code files directly without downloading.
- **Permissions and Sharing**: Supports public or private sharing links for easy file distribution.
- **Task Processing Center**: Supports asynchronous task processing, such as file indexing and data backups, without impacting the main application.

## 🚀 Quick Start

Using Docker Compose is the most recommended way to start Foxel.

1. **Create Data Directories**:
Create a `data` folder for persistent data:

```bash
mkdir -p data/db
mkdir -p data/mount
chmod 777 data/db data/mount
```

2. **Download Docker Compose File**:

  ```bash
  curl -L -O https://github.com/DrizzleTime/Foxel/raw/main/compose.yaml
  ```

  After downloading, it is **strongly recommended** to modify the environment variables in the `compose.yaml` file to ensure security:

- Modify `SECRET_KEY` and `TEMP_LINK_SECRET_KEY`: Replace the default keys with randomly generated strong keys.

3. **Start the Services**:

  ```bash
  docker-compose up -d
  ```

4. **Access the Application**:

  Once the services are running, open the page in your browser.

  > On the first launch, please follow the setup guide to initialize the administrator account.

## 🤝 How to Contribute

We welcome contributions from the community! Whether it's submitting bugs, suggesting new features, or contributing code directly.

Before you start, please read our [`CONTRIBUTING.md`](CONTRIBUTING.md) file, which explains the development environment and submission process. A Simplified Chinese translation is available in [`CONTRIBUTING_zh.md`](CONTRIBUTING_zh.md).

## 🌐 Community

Join our community on [Telegram](https://t.me/+thDsBfyqJxZkNTU1) to discuss with developers and other users!

You can also join our WeChat group for more real-time communication and support. Please scan the QR code below to join:

<img src="https://foxel.cc/image/wechat.png" alt="WeChat Group QR Code" width="180">

> If the QR code is invalid, please add WeChat ID **drizzle2001**, and we will invite you to the group.
